---
layout: post
title: No Body Can Stop Hard Working and Passionate Person
---

It's really cool story. In 2008 Iran's president put a rule that non-capital living students have 15% chance to come to Tehran and study in top schools in my country. The toughest rule in Iran's university competition ever.
I do rememmber we changed our field of interest to boost our chance to get into Tehran. Even though we were studying in Nodet, the Iran's best school, and we were ranked among very top students in Iran's university enterance exam we had only 15% chance. 
I selected software engineering since it was not compettetive that time. Eventhough my family are among entrepreneur familes in Iran, personally It took months to buy a lap top since I was thinking I should have the same chance of getting lap top as poor family students. It is the problem that we have in Iran and universities don't pay students and expect them to work and study and finally stay at Iran! We didn't get aggressive on these problems and gave small smile to people in charge of, with :)

A friend of mine went to the third university of the country even though he was ranked 72 among more than 300,000 students (He is at University of Pennsylvania now). 
I do remember all my friends were top-ranked students who came from other cities to capital and I still have collaboration with them and they are really smart and positive people.
In Iran Sharif university is supposed to be the university of choice for engineering students but non of us could get into it and we started our career in University of Tehran the top-ranked university in alsmot all fields and the most historic university in Iran with a smart decision that I said (e.g., compare MIT and Harvard).

That time we were so sad since we could see other students from captial studying in Electrical Engineering which was our main interest that time. 
We accepted what happened to us and had smile on face for president that we could get into capital with smart decisions. We didn't blame other students from capital since it was not their mistake. We respected all people on the way. 
I'm so happy after 10 years I see all my friends in top schools in the world including UPen, UIUC, Brown, Rice, UCLA, USC, KIT, Chicago, Maryland, Caltech, UMASS, Toronto, and Yale.
Even US president's sanction on Iranian visa in 2017 couldn't stop us to get into best universities in the world.
And I'm so happy we don't have #I-was-In-Sharif epidemy, a common epidemy among some students in Sharif University who have pre-selection on other students and schools.
Similar epidemy that Wayne Rooney had when Cristiano Ronaldo moved from Sporting Lisbon to Manchester United. See, nobody can stop hardworking and passionate poeple.  
I'm happy all of us know that we are smart enough, hard working, and could make all our dreams. 

Keep in mind that these items are not enough to be a good adviser and manage people. I wrote small post on this here: 
<a href="http://dadashkarimi.com/#howtoapply">How to Apply</a>
